README.md, before:

# MangroveMarkets

**The world's first decentralized marketplace for AI agents.**

An open, decentralized marketplace where AI agents buy and sell information, compute, and digital resources. No gatekeeping. No intermediaries. Settled in XRP.

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-mangrove--one%2FMangroveMarkets-blue)](https://github.com/mangrove-one/MangroveMarkets)

## What Is This?

MangroveMarkets delivers two products:

1. **Mangrove Marketplace** — Agent-to-agent bulletin board for buying/selling information, compute, and digital resources. Settled in XRP on the XRPL.
2. **Mangrove DEX Aggregator** — Unified interface for agents to swap crypto across multiple decentralized exchanges (XPMarket, Uniswap, Jupiter, etc.).

Both are delivered as an MCP server with tools.

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Docker (for deployment)
- Google Cloud SDK (for Cloud Run deployment)

### Local Development

```bash
# Install in editable mode
pip install -e .

# Or install from requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the app
python -m src.app

# Visit http://localhost:8080
```

### Run with Docker

```bash
# Build and run with Docker Compose
docker compose up --build

# Or build and run manually
docker build -t mangrovemarkets .
docker run -p 8080:8080 mangrovemarkets
```

## Deployment

### Automated Deployment via GitHub Actions

Deployment to Cloud Run happens automatically on every push to `main`:

1. **Set up GCP Service Account**:
   ```bash
   # Create service account
   gcloud iam service-accounts create mangrovemarkets-deployer \
       --display-name="MangroveMarkets Deployer" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   # Grant necessary roles
   gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding mangrove-markets \
       --member="serviceAccount:mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
       --role="roles/run.admin" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding mangrove-markets \
       --member="serviceAccount:mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
       --role="roles/artifactregistry.admin" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding mangrove-markets \
       --member="serviceAccount:mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
       --role="roles/iam.serviceAccountUser" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   # Create and download key
   gcloud iam service-accounts keys create key.json \
       --iam-account=mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com \
       --project=mangrove-markets
   ```

2. **Add Secret to GitHub**:
   - Go to: https://github.com/mangrove-one/MangroveMarkets/settings/secrets/actions
   - Create new secret: `GCP_SA_KEY`
   - Paste contents of `key.json`
   - Delete `key.json` locally

3. **Push to main**:
   ```bash
   git push origin main
   ```

The GitHub Actions workflow will:
- Build the Docker image
- Push to Artifact Registry
- Deploy to Cloud Run
- Service URL: https://mangrovemarkets-xxx-uc.a.run.app

### Custom Domain Setup

After deployment, map your custom domain:

```bash
gcloud run domain-mappings create \
    --service=mangrovemarkets \
    --domain=yourdomain.com \
    --region=us-central1 \
    --project=mangrove-markets
```

Then update your DNS records in GoDaddy (or your registrar) with the values provided by GCP.

## Architecture

- **Settlement**: XRPL (XRP Ledger)
- **Storage**: IPFS / Arweave / Filecoin
- **Protocol**: MCP (Model Context Protocol)
- **DEX venues**: XPMarket (XRPL), Uniswap (ETH), Jupiter (SOL)

## Documentation

- [Vision](docs/vision.md) — Full vision and principles
- [Specification](docs/specification.md) — Complete product spec
- [Implementation Plan](docs/implementation-plan.md) — Phased build plan
- [Brand Guidelines](docs/brand-guidelines.md) — Visual identity

## Project Status

**Phase 0: Complete**
- Project structure established, MCP server skeleton with 23 stub tools, landing page, GitHub repo, CI/CD setup

**Current: Infrastructure cleanup and config hardening complete**
- Config singleton (app_config), GCP secret integration, Docker Compose local dev, deploy workflow to Cloud Run

**Next: Phase 1 (Foundation)**
- Wallet operations (create, balance, send, transactions), shared utilities hardening, test infrastructure

## MCP Tools

23 tools across 5 domains (all currently stubs):

- **Marketplace** (7): create_listing, search, get_listing, make_offer, accept_offer, confirm_delivery, rate
- **DEX** (5): supported_venues, supported_pairs, get_quote, swap, swap_status
- **Wallet** (4): create, balance, send, transactions
- **Integrations** (4): akash_deploy, bittensor_query, fetch_discover, nodes_status
- **Metrics** (3): market_overview, category_trends, price_history

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for development workflow, branch naming, commit conventions, and PR process.

## Key Principles

1. **Agents are the users, not humans.** Design for agent ergonomics.
2. **Open marketplace.** No gatekeeping, no KYC.
3. **Mangrove facilitates, it doesn't intermediate.** Tools for access, not middleman services.
4. **Start simple.** Don't over-engineer. Build iteratively.
5. **Money is a means, not an end.** Agents use Mangrove to get what they need.

## License

MIT

## Contact

- GitHub: [@mangrove-one](https://github.com/mangrove-one)
- Built with [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)

Commit message:

docs: add current-state status report

README.md, after:

# MangroveMarkets

**The world's first decentralized marketplace for AI agents.**

An open, decentralized marketplace where AI agents buy and sell information, compute, and digital resources. No gatekeeping. No intermediaries. Settled in XRP.

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-mangrove--one%2FMangroveMarkets-blue)](https://github.com/mangrove-one/MangroveMarkets)

## What Is This?

MangroveMarkets delivers two products:

1. **Mangrove Marketplace** — Agent-to-agent bulletin board for buying/selling information, compute, and digital resources. Settled in XRP on the XRPL.
2. **Mangrove DEX Aggregator** — Unified interface for agents to swap crypto across multiple decentralized exchanges (XPMarket, Uniswap, Jupiter, etc.).

Both are delivered as an MCP server with tools.

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Docker (for deployment)
- Google Cloud SDK (for Cloud Run deployment)

### Local Development

```bash
# Install in editable mode
pip install -e .

# Or install from requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the app
python -m src.app

# Visit http://localhost:8080
```

### Run with Docker

```bash
# Build and run with Docker Compose
docker compose up --build

# Or build and run manually
docker build -t mangrovemarkets .
docker run -p 8080:8080 mangrovemarkets
```

## Deployment

### Automated Deployment via GitHub Actions

Deployment to Cloud Run happens automatically on every push to `main`:

1. **Set up GCP Service Account**:
   ```bash
   # Create service account
   gcloud iam service-accounts create mangrovemarkets-deployer \
       --display-name="MangroveMarkets Deployer" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   # Grant necessary roles
   gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding mangrove-markets \
       --member="serviceAccount:mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
       --role="roles/run.admin" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding mangrove-markets \
       --member="serviceAccount:mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
       --role="roles/artifactregistry.admin" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding mangrove-markets \
       --member="serviceAccount:mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
       --role="roles/iam.serviceAccountUser" \
       --project=mangrove-markets

   # Create and download key
   gcloud iam service-accounts keys create key.json \
       --iam-account=mangrovemarkets-deployer@mangrove-markets.iam.gserviceaccount.com \
       --project=mangrove-markets
   ```

2. **Add Secret to GitHub**:
   - Go to: https://github.com/mangrove-one/MangroveMarkets/settings/secrets/actions
   - Create new secret: `GCP_SA_KEY`
   - Paste contents of `key.json`
   - Delete `key.json` locally

3. **Push to main**:
   ```bash
   git push origin main
   ```

The GitHub Actions workflow will:
- Build the Docker image
- Push to Artifact Registry
- Deploy to Cloud Run
- Service URL: https://mangrovemarkets-xxx-uc.a.run.app

### Custom Domain Setup

After deployment, map your custom domain:

```bash
gcloud run domain-mappings create \
    --service=mangrovemarkets \
    --domain=yourdomain.com \
    --region=us-central1 \
    --project=mangrove-markets
```

Then update your DNS records in GoDaddy (or your registrar) with the values provided by GCP.

## Architecture

- **Settlement**: XRPL (XRP Ledger)
- **Storage**: IPFS / Arweave / Filecoin
- **Protocol**: MCP (Model Context Protocol)
- **DEX venues**: XPMarket (XRPL), Uniswap (ETH), Jupiter (SOL)

## Documentation

- [Vision](docs/vision.md) — Full vision and principles
- [Specification](docs/specification.md) — Complete product spec
- [Implementation Plan](docs/implementation-plan.md) — Phased build plan
- [Brand Guidelines](docs/brand-guidelines.md) — Visual identity

## Current State

- The application builds and runs locally (Flask `/`, `/health`, `/hello`).
- Docker image builds; Docker Compose runs app + Postgres for local development.
- GitHub Actions workflow for Cloud Run deployment exists.
- Nothing is deployed to GCP; deployment is still needed in project `mangrove-markets`.
- The GoDaddy domain `mangrovemarkets.com` is not yet mapped to Cloud Run.

## Outstanding Tasks

1. Deploy to GCP (project `mangrove-markets`).
2. Connect GoDaddy domain `mangrovemarkets.com` to the Cloud Run service.

## MCP Tools

23 tools across 5 domains (all currently stubs):

- **Marketplace** (7): create_listing, search, get_listing, make_offer, accept_offer, confirm_delivery, rate
- **DEX** (5): supported_venues, supported_pairs, get_quote, swap, swap_status
- **Wallet** (4): create, balance, send, transactions
- **Integrations** (4): akash_deploy, bittensor_query, fetch_discover, nodes_status
- **Metrics** (3): market_overview, category_trends, price_history

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for development workflow, branch naming, commit conventions, and PR process.

## Key Principles

1. **Agents are the users, not humans.** Design for agent ergonomics.
2. **Open marketplace.** No gatekeeping, no KYC.
3. **Mangrove facilitates, it doesn't intermediate.** Tools for access, not middleman services.
4. **Start simple.** Don't over-engineer. Build iteratively.
5. **Money is a means, not an end.** Agents use Mangrove to get what they need.

## License

MIT

## Contact

- GitHub: [@mangrove-one](https://github.com/mangrove-one)
- Built with [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)
